Q1. What is the difference between these two?
    char str[] = "Hello";
    char *str = "Hello";
Ans: 
    char str[] = "Hello"; creates a character array and copies the string literal into that array. 
    If declared inside a function, the array is stored on the stack and can be modified.
    char *str = "Hello"; creates a pointer variable that points to a string literal,
    which is typically stored in the read-only data section (.rodata). The pointer itself can be changed to point somewhere else, 
    but the string literal should not be modified because doing so results in undefined behavior.

Q2. what is the difference between sizeof(str), strlen(str)?
Ans: sizeof() is a compile-time operator that returns the size in bytes of a type or object. For arrays, it returns the total allocated size, 
    including any null terminator if it's part of the array initialization. For pointers, it returns the size of the pointer itself (typically 4 or 8 bytes),
    not the length of the string.
    strlen() is a runtime library function that counts characters until it reaches the null terminator, so its time complexity is O(n), 
    whereas sizeof() is O(1)` because the compiler already knows the size.
    +In embedded systems, using sizeof() instead of strlen() when transmitting strings over UART, SPI, or CAN can result in sending unused or garbage bytes.

Q3: Why return a pointer when the copy has already been performed?
    char *strcpy(char *dest, const char *src);
    void strcpy(char *dest, const char *src);
Ans:
    strcpy() returns char * instead of void for two main reasons:
    It allows the caller to immediately use the destination pointer in expressions, function chaining, or assignments.
    During copying, the internal dest pointer is incremented until it reaches the null terminator. Therefore, the implementation saves the original 
    destination pointer (for example, char *start = dest) and returns that original pointer so the caller still receives the address of the beginning of the 
    copied string.

Q4. Why strcpy doesnot check size? Wh is it dangerous and what is the alternative?
    char dest[5];
    strcpy(dest, "Embedded");
Ans:
    strcpy() copies bytes until it encounters a null terminator without checking the destination capacity. If the destination buffer is too small, 
    it writes beyond the end of the array, causing a buffer overflow that may corrupt adjacent memory or crash the program. strcpy() cannot verify 
    the destination size because arrays decay to pointers when passed to functions, so the function receives only a char *, not the array length. 
    strncpy() is commonly suggested, but it is not completely safe because it does not guarantee a null terminator when the source string is longer 
    than or equal to the specified limit.

Q6:  Will this always crash?
    char *p = "Hello";
    p[0] = 'Y';
Ans:
    It results in undefined behavior because the program attempts to modify a string literal, which is typically stored in read-only memory.
     It may crash, it may appear to work, or it may produce unexpected behavior. The C standard does not define what must happen.
     The important phrase is: Undefined Behavior (UB)

